**Display heights and widths**

Customers thrive on convenience, easy access and selection.They need a clear view of the display. 

Products that are placed lower than knee level or above eye level are less visible and less likely to be sold. 

Keep in mind that the majority of customers are in the 5'4" to 6'2" height range. 

Adapting your display to the customer's line of vision is vital to successful marketing.

Tables or counters that are 36" to 40" high are convenient for most customers.This height is also convenient for restocking.

The product needs to be within easy arm's reach.

Avoid displaying products on the floor or ground, especially food. 

Floor or ground level may be dusty and attract insects, and in most cases, isn't the most conducive spot for sales.

There are some exceptions to that rule. For examples, pumpkins look very attractive on the ground and are at the perfect level for those individuals most interested in them kids. 

Bedding plants may be displayed near the feet or at ground level.

However, for most products the knee-to-eye level provides the greatest interest for customers.

The display width as well as height is important to the customer.

The shelves should be no deeper than 2 feet from front to back. If you are the height of most people, consider what you can reach with ease. 

Step shelves are attractive and add to the display appearance, but are neither as convenient for shopping nor easy to restock. 

It is essential for the display to be convenient for both the customer and the seller.

If you operate a permanent roadside market or an on farm store, keep the aisles at least 5 feet wide.

Take carts or baskets, wheelchairs and/or strollers into consideration. 

Aisle width should allow for two-way traffic.This will make the shopping experience less stressful for all, especially those with children or people in wheelchairs and walkers. 

Having enough room will also encourage people to spend more time looking around


